Docs - extension guide - mention all "dump" debug properties (#9909)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/writing-extensions.adoc

=== Troubleshooting / Debugging Tips

==== Dump the Generated Classes to the File System

During the augmentation phase Quarkus extensions generate new and modify existing classes for various purposes. 
Sometimes you need to inspect the generated bytecode to debug or understand an issue.

> There are three system properties that allow you to dump the classes the the filesystem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three system properties that allow you to dump the classes to the filesystem:
```

- `quarkus.debug.generated-classes-dir` - to dump the generated classes, such as bean metadata

> - `quarkus.debug.transformed-classes-dir` - to dump the transformed classes, i.e. Panache entitites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quarkus.debug.transformed-classes-dir` - to dump the transformed classes, e.g. Panache entities
```
